# latex-ci

Cloud based testing and continuous integration for LaTeX documents is not common. Most users will either use their local computer or 
use a cloud based service to render their documents.

This is a minimal configuration and set-up to use a github repository, travis-ci for continuous integration and to upload automatically to a cloud storage such as AWS S3.

I don't claim this is the best or the most optimum way of running and testing documents, but it works for me.

## Prerequisites

1.  A Github account a and basic understanding of using Git.
2.  A travis-ci account.
3.  Dowload the travis-cli and install any necessary pre-requisites.
4.  An AWS account.
5.  Keys for your buckets.

## Setting up the Project on travis-ci

Once you have an account on travis-ci, you need to tell travis-ci which repository you want to integrate. Go to

````
https://travis-ci.org/profile/<user>
````

and check the repository you want to set-up. Follow up the instructions on the page to sync with Github etc.

### Environment settings

You can either encrypt your key accounts and secrets on the travis-cli and include them in your travis.yml file or you can set this on the travis website. I prefer that these are included in the yaml file as it minimizes hopping in and out of the console and into the browser.

### Why

Many documents are now complicated affairs that are automatically generated by pulling data from databases and other sources. By integrating the compilation of the documents as well in CI, pipelines and workflows can be set-up for storing these in versions, permits better document control and automation in electronic filing. 


















